Update outdated code in KubernetesPodOperator docs (#571)
astronomer/docs: software/kubepodoperator.md

# environment namespace when deployed to Astronomer.
if namespace =='default':
    config_file = '/usr/local/airflow/include/.kube/config'
    in_cluster = False
else:
    in_cluster = True
    config_file = None

dag = DAG("example_kubernetes_pod", schedule_interval="@once", default_args=default_args)

# This is where we define our desired resources.
compute_resources = k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(

>     limits={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}, requests={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    limits={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}, 
    requests={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}
)
```

Reviewer: Is it better practice to have these spaced out? It's how they are below - so maybe stay consistent? 🤷‍♀️

Author: Committed your suggestion. I applied Black to the code sample which resulted in a single line because it limits to 110 chars per line, however two lines is consistent with the code below and is better readable for examples IMO👍

with dag:
    KubernetesPodOperator(
        namespace=namespace,
        image="hello-world",
        labels={"foo": "bar"},
        name="airflow-test-pod",
        task_id="task-one",
        in_cluster=in_cluster,  # if set to true, will look in the cluster, if false, looks for file
        cluster_context="docker-for-desktop",  # is ignored when in_cluster is set to True
        config_file=config_file,
        resources=compute_resources,
        is_delete_operator_pod=True,
        get_logs=True,
    )
```

In the example above, we define resources by building the following `V1ResourceRequirements` object:

```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

compute_resources = k8s.V1ResourceRequirements(
    limits={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"},
    requests={"cpu": "800m", "memory": "3Gi"}
)
```

> Using this object, users can set Memory and CPU requests and limits for any given pod. For more information, reference [Kubernetes Documentation on Requests and Limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits).
> 
> Once you've created the object, apply it to the `resources` parameter of the task. When this DAG runs, it will launch a pod that runs the `hello-world` image, pulled from Docker Hub, in your Airflow Deployment's namespace with the resource request specified above. Once the container finishes, the pod will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this object, you can specify both Memory and CPU requests and limits for any given task and its correspond Kubernetes Pod. For more information, read [Kubernetes Documentation on Requests and Limits](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits).

Once you've created the object, apply it to the `resources` parameter of the task. When this DAG runs, it will launch a Pod that runs the `hello-world` image, which is pulled from Docker Hub, in your Airflow Deployment's namespace with the resource requests defined above. Once the task finishes, the Pod will be gracefully terminate.
```

        is_delete_operator_pod=True,
        in_cluster=True,
        task_id="<task-name>",
        get_logs=True,
    )
    ```

## Local Testing

> Follow our [Local KubernetesPodOperator](kubepodoperator-local.md/) on using [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) or [Docker for Kubernetes](https://matthewpalmer.net/kubernetes-app-developer/articles/how-to-run-local-kubernetes-docker-for-mac.html) to run tasks with the KubernetesPodOperator locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend testing your DAGs locally before pushing them to Astronomer. For guidance on doing so, read [run Local KubernetesPodOperator](kubepodoperator-local.md/). That doc provides information on how to use [MicroK8s](https://microk8s.io/) or [Docker for Kubernetes](https://matthewpalmer.net/kubernetes-app-developer/articles/how-to-run-local-kubernetes-docker-for-mac.html) to run tasks with the KubernetesPodOperator locally.
```
